# LeetCode-Practice-Solutions
Just a repo to hold all my leetcode/other coding challenges website code in.

This repository contains a collection of coding exercises/solutions I solve to improve my programming skills as well as Git skills. Each solution is presented in a separate file and includes instructions on what I did to complete it (as best to my ability).

Yes, I used ChatGPT to generate the readme file because this is my first ReadMD. I don't even know the basics yet but I suppose with version updates this will begin to look more professional and organized/consise.

Structure of the Repository
The repository is organized into directories, each of which contains solutions related to a specific topic or programming language. For example, the python directory contains solution related to the Python programming language. 
And I plan on making the solutions in multiple languages. Some languages that interest me right now: Java, Python, JS, C++, C#, etc.

Each solution is presented in a separate file, which includes exercise description and solution (again, to best of my abilities). I might choose to expand upon the working of the code to help myself and anyone else in future understand the underlying working of the code. 

Contributing
If you have an exercise that you would like to contribute, please fork this repository and submit a pull request with your changes. Before submitting a pull request, please make sure that your exercise follows the same format as the existing exercises in the repository. (All generated by ChatGPT. But yes please do, it'll help me learn)

License
This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgments
This repository was inspired by the NeetCode, which provides the 150 question set of coding exercises for a variety of programming languages. I'm using that website as my primary guide to get better for job hunting but also as a programmer
